Add tutorials/guides for integrating libraries with the Hub (#358)
huggingface/huggingface_hub: docs/hub/tutorial-add-library.md

Integrating the Hub with your library provides many benefits, including:

- Free model hosting for you and your users.
- Built-in file versioning - even for very large files - made possible by [Git-LFS](https://git-lfs.github.com/).
- All public models are powered by our lightning fast [Inference API](https://api-inference.huggingface.co/docs/python/html/index.html).
- In-browser widgets allow users to directly interact with your hosted models.

This tutorial will help you integrate the Hub into your own library, so your users can benefit from all the features offered by the Hub.

Before you begin, we recommend you create a [Hugging Face account](https://huggingface.co/join). This will create a namespace from which you can manage your repositories and files. 

## Installation

1. Install the `huggingface_hub` library with pip in your environment:

```bash

> python -m pip install -U huggingface-hub

Reviewer: `huggingface_hub` and `huggingface-hub` should both work, but I'd advocate for showing `huggingface_hub` as that's what's used everywhere and how the package should be imported. There should be no need for the `-U` for a new installation.

Integrating the Hub with your library provides many benefits, including:

- Free model hosting for you and your users.
- Built-in file versioning - even for very large files - made possible by [Git-LFS](https://git-lfs.github.com/).
- All public models are powered by our lightning fast [Inference API](https://api-inference.huggingface.co/docs/python/html/index.html).
- In-browser widgets allow users to directly interact with your hosted models.

This tutorial will help you integrate the Hub into your own library, so your users can benefit from all the features offered by the Hub.

Before you begin, we recommend you create a [Hugging Face account](https://huggingface.co/join). This will create a namespace from which you can manage your repositories and files. 

## Installation

1. Install the `huggingface_hub` library with pip in your environment:

   ```bash

>    python -m pip install huggingface_hub

Reviewer 2: It's great to see these installation instructions! 

At some point I think it would be nice to find a way to guide visitors from the `huggingface_hub` README to here, because right now this crucial step is a bit hidden IMO

Author: Maybe we can have a link to these docs on the `huggingface_hub` README once they're up?

Reviewer 2: Yeah sounds good! Currently the client library `huggingface_hub` is hyperlinked to the `docs` folder, but I think something more explicit would be useful

```

Download a specific version of the file by specifying the `revision` parameter, which can be a branch name, tag or commit hash. The commit hash must be a full-length hash instead of the shorter 7-character commit hash.

```python
>>> from huggingface_hub import hf_hub_download
>>> hf_hub_download(repo_id="lysandre/arxiv-nlp", filename="config.json", revision="877b84a8f93f2d619faa2a6e514a32beef88ab0a")
```

Change where a file is cached with the `cache_dir` parameter:

```python
>>> from huggingface_hub import hf_hub_download
>>> hf_hub_download(repo_id="lysandre/arxiv-nlp", filename="config.json", cache_dir="/home/lysandre/test")
```

### Code sample

We recommend adding a code snippet to explain how a model should be used in your downstream library. 

![/docs/assets/hub/code_snippet.png](/docs/assets/hub/code_snippet.png)

Add a code snippet by updating the [Libraries Typescript file](https://github.com/huggingface/huggingface_hub/blob/main/widgets/src/lib/interfaces/Libraries.ts) with instructions for your model. For example, the spaCy integration includes a brief code snippet for how to load and use a spaCy model:

> ```typescript

Reviewer 2: Super handy to know - great example :)

# Using spacy.load().
import spacy
nlp = spacy.load("${nameWithoutNamespace(model.modelId)}")
# Importing as module.
import ${nameWithoutNamespace(model.modelId)}
nlp = ${nameWithoutNamespace(model.modelId)}.load()`;
```

This will also add a tag to your model so users can easily identify models from your library.

![/docs/assets/hub/libraries-tags.png](/docs/assets/hub/libraries-tags.png)

## Upload files to the Hub

You will also want to provide a method for creating model repositories and uploading files to the Hub directly from your library. The `HfApi` class has two methods to assist you with creating repositories and uploading files:

- `create_repo` creates a repository on the Hub.
- `upload_file` directly uploads files to a repository on the Hub.

Begin by instantiating the `HfApi` class:

```python
>>> from huggingface_hub import HfApi
>>> api = HfApi()
```

You will also need to retrieve your Hugging Face API token in order to create a repository and upload files to it. Retrieve your token with the `HfFolder` method:

```python
>>> from huggingface_hub import HfFolder

> >>> folder = HfFolder()

Reviewer 2: Similar to my previous comment, we can save a line here and in the `create_repo` example if we want

# Integrate your library with the Hub

> The Hugging Face Hub aims to facilitate the sharing of machine learning models, checkpoints, and artifacts. This endeavor includes integrating the Hub into many of the amazing third-party libraries in the community. Some of the incredible libraries already integrated include [spaCy](https://spacy.io/usage/projects#huggingface_hub), [AllenNLP](https://allennlp.org/), and [timm](https://rwightman.github.io/pytorch-image-models/), among many others. Integration means users can download and upload files to the Hub directly from your library. We hope you will integrate your library and join us in democratizing artificial intelligence for everyone!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Hugging Face Hub aims to facilitate the sharing of Machine Learning models, checkpoints, and artifacts. This endeavor includes integrating the Hub into many of the amazing third-party libraries in the community. Some of the ones already integrated include [spaCy](https://spacy.io/usage/projects#huggingface_hub), [AllenNLP](https://allennlp.org/), and [timm](https://rwightman.github.io/pytorch-image-models/), among many others. Integration means users can download and upload files to the Hub directly from your library. We hope you will integrate your library and join us in democratizing artificial intelligence for everyone!
```

Author: Changed to **ones** since it is shorter, but I think we will avoid capitalizing **machine learning** since it isn't a proper noun.

> Integrating the Hub with your library provides many benefits, including:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Integrating the Hub with your library provides many benefits, potentially including:
```

Author: Going to leave this as is because **potentially** makes it sound like the benefits aren't concrete :)

- Free model hosting for you and your users.
- Built-in file versioning - even for huge files - made possible by [Git-LFS](https://git-lfs.github.com/).

> - All public models are powered by our lightning-fast [Inference API](https://api-inference.huggingface.co/docs/python/html/index.html).

Reviewer 3: This is really optional imo. Also it's not really lightning-fast for 3rd party since we don't offer GPU and other than that the inference depends on the library integration

```suggestion
- All public models are powered by the [Inference API](https://api-inference.huggingface.co/docs/python/html/index.html).
```

- In-browser widgets allow users to interact with your hosted models directly.

> This tutorial will help you integrate the Hub into your library, so your users can benefit from all the features offered by the Hub.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This tutorial will help you integrate the Hub into your library so your users can benefit from all the features offered by the Hub.
```

> Before you begin, we recommend you create a [Hugging Face account](https://huggingface.co/join) from which you can manage your repositories and files. 

Reviewer 3: WDYT of suggesting to create an issue in this repo or reach out to us to an email so we can assist them through the process?

Author: Love this idea! Added a link to create an issue in the repo.

## Installation

1. Install the `huggingface_hub` library with pip in your environment:

   ```bash
   python -m pip install huggingface_hub
   ```

2. Once you have successfully installed the `huggingface_hub` library, log in to your Hugging Face account:

   ```bash

>    huggingface-cli login

Reviewer 2: See my comment above about logging in via notebooks (maybe not a common thing for this use case though, so we might just want to add a note)

For example, download the `config.json` file from the [lysandre/arxiv-nlp](https://huggingface.co/lysandre/arxiv-nlp) repository:

```python
>>> from huggingface_hub import hf_hub_download
>>> hf_hub_download(repo_id="lysandre/arxiv-nlp", filename="config.json")
```

Download a specific version of the file by specifying the `revision` parameter. The `revision` parameter can be a branch name, tag, or commit hash. 

The commit hash must be a full-length hash instead of the shorter 7-character commit hash:

```python
>>> from huggingface_hub import hf_hub_download
>>> hf_hub_download(repo_id="lysandre/arxiv-nlp", filename="config.json", revision="877b84a8f93f2d619faa2a6e514a32beef88ab0a")
```

Use the `cache_dir` parameter to change where a file is stored:

```python
>>> from huggingface_hub import hf_hub_download
>>> hf_hub_download(repo_id="lysandre/arxiv-nlp", filename="config.json", cache_dir="/home/lysandre/test")
```

### Code sample

We recommend adding a code snippet to explain how a model should be used in your downstream library. 

![/docs/assets/hub/code_snippet.png](/docs/assets/hub/code_snippet.png)

> Add a code snippet by updating the [Libraries Typescript file](https://github.com/huggingface/huggingface_hub/blob/main/widgets/src/lib/interfaces/Libraries.ts) with instructions for your model. For example, the spaCy integration includes a brief code snippet for how to load and use a spaCy model:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Add a code snippet by updating the [Libraries Typescript file](https://github.com/huggingface/huggingface_hub/blob/main/widgets/src/lib/interfaces/Libraries.ts) with instructions for your model (don't worry, you don't need to do web development!). For example, the spaCy integration includes a brief code snippet for how to load and use a spaCy model:
```

```typescript
const spacy = (model: ModelData) =>

> `!pip install https://huggingface.co/${model.modelId}/resolve/main/${nameWithoutNamespace(model.modelId)}-any-py3-none-any.whl

Reviewer 3: Maybe let's do a simpler example, this is a complicated one imo.

```
from asteroid.models import BaseModel
  
model = BaseModel.from_pretrained("${model.modelId}")
```

# Using spacy.load().
import spacy
nlp = spacy.load("${nameWithoutNamespace(model.modelId)}")
# Importing as module.
import ${nameWithoutNamespace(model.modelId)}
nlp = ${nameWithoutNamespace(model.modelId)}.load()`;
```

This will also add a tag to your model so users can quickly identify models from your library.

![/docs/assets/hub/libraries-tags.png](/docs/assets/hub/libraries-tags.png)

## Upload files to the Hub

> You will also want to provide a method for creating model repositories and uploading files to the Hub directly from your library. The `HfApi` class has two methods to assist you with creating repositories and uploading files:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You might also want to provide a method for creating model repositories and uploading files to the Hub directly from your library. The `HfApi` class has two methods to assist you with creating repositories and uploading files:
```

- `create_repo` creates a repository on the Hub.
- `upload_file` directly uploads files to a repository on the Hub.

Begin by instantiating the `HfApi` class:

```python
>>> from huggingface_hub import HfApi
>>> api = HfApi()
```

You will also need to retrieve your Hugging Face API token to create a repository and upload files to it. Retrieve your token with the `HfFolder` method:

```python
>>> from huggingface_hub import HfFolder
>>> token = HfFolder().get_token()
```

### `create_repo`

The `create_repo` method creates a repository on the Hub. Use the `name` parameter to provide a name for your repository:

```python
>>> from huggingface_hub import HfApi
>>> api = HfApi()
>>> api.create_repo(token=token, name="test-model")
'https://huggingface.co/lysandre/test-model'
```

When you check your Hugging Face account, you should now see a `test-model` repository under your namespace.

> ### `upload_file`

Reviewer 3: This approach is fine if you want to upload a single file, but many times you might want to upload many files. Maybe it's worth mentioning you can do this and link to the `Repository` documentation. WDYT?

Author: Good idea, added link to `Repository` documentation

The `upload_file` method uploads files to the Hub. This method requires the following:

- Your Hugging Face API token.
- A path to the file to upload.
- The final path in the repository.
- The repository you wish to push the files to.

For example:

```python
>>> api.upload_file(
...    token, 
...    path_or_fileobj="/home/lysandre/dummy-test/README.md", 
...    path_in_repo="README.md", 
...    repo_id="lysandre/test-model"
... )
'https://huggingface.co/lysandre/test-model/blob/main/README.md'
```

Once again, if you check your Hugging Face account, you should see the file inside your repository.

Lastly, it is important to add a model card, so users understand how to use your model. See [here](/docs/hub/model-repos#what-are-model-cards-and-why-are-they-useful) for more details about how to create a model card.

## Set up the Inference API

> Our Inference API powers models uploaded to the Hub through your library. The Inference API enables faster inference speeds compared to other out-of-the-box solutions.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Our Inference API powers models uploaded to the Hub through your library.
```
